Various improvements to Serve Request Batching tutorial (#50400)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/tutorials/batch.md

    async def my_batch_handler(self, requests: List):
        results = []
        for request in requests:
            results.append(request.json())  # processing logic here
        return results

    async def __call__(self, request):
        return await self.my_batch_handler(request)
```

:::{note}
Ray Serve uses *opportunistic batching* by default - executing requests as 

> soon as they arrive without waiting for a full batch. You can adjust this using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
soon as they arrive without waiting for a full batch. You can adjust this behavior using 
```

`batch_wait_timeout_s` in the `@serve.batch` decorator to trade increased latency

> for increasedthroughput (defaults to 0). Increasing this value may improve throughput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for increased throughput (defaults to 0). Increasing this value may improve throughput
```

:start-after: __doc_deploy_begin__
```

## Deployment Options

> You can deploy your application in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your app in two ways:
```

Reviewer: Consistency with your usage of `app` earlier in the doc.

### Option 1: Deploying with the Serve CLI
```console
$ serve run tutorial_batch:generator --name "Text-Completion-App"
```

> Note that the `--name` argument is optional. If you do not specify a name, the app will be named `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `--name` argument is optional. If you don't specify a name, the app is named `default`.
```

 Naming the app is useful if you are running multiple apps on the same machine, and 

> also for being able to create a new handle to the app.

Reviewer 2: don't think we need these details in the batching tutorial

Reviewer 2: we get the handle below from the return of `serve.run` right? do we need to get it dynamically?

```
handle: DeploymentHandle = serve.run(generator, name="Text-Completion-App")
```

Author: The query code below is meant to be run from a separate script. The other Serve tutorials follow that pattern.

Reviewer 2: Got it. In that case, would use: `serve.get_app_handle("default")`

Reviewer 2: and up to you if you want to leave the `--name` part in there and use custom name

Author: ok done :)

### Option 2: Deploying with the Python API

> Alternatively, you can deploy the application using the Python API using the `serve.run` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can deploy the app using the Python API using the `serve.run` function. 
```

> This returns a handle that you can use to query the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command returns a handle that you can use to query the deployment.
```

```python
from ray.serve.handle import DeploymentHandle

handle: DeploymentHandle = serve.run(generator, name="Text-Completion-App")
```

> This handle can now be used to query the model-- see the "Query using Serve handle" section below. 

Author: good idea

> This handle can now be used to query the model-- see the [Querying the Model](#querying-the-model) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use this handle to query the model. See the [Querying the Model](#querying-the-model) section below.
```

> Giving the app a name makes it easier to create a new handle to the app by running the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give the app a name to create a new handle to the app by running the 
```

```

## Querying the Model

There are multiple ways to interact with your deployed model:

### 1. Simple HTTP Queries
For basic testing, use curl:

```console
$ curl "http://localhost:8000/?text=Once+upon+a+time"
```

### 2. Parallel HTTP Queries with Ray
For higher throughput, use [Ray remote tasks](ray-remote-functions) to send parallel requests:

```python
import ray
import requests

@ray.remote
def send_query(text):
    resp = requests.post("http://localhost:8000/", params={"text": text})
    return resp.text

# Example batch of queries
texts = [
    'Once upon a time,',
    'Hi my name is Lewis and I like to',
    'In a galaxy far far away',
]

# Send all queries in parallel
results = ray.get([send_query.remote(text) for text in texts])
```

### 3. Direct Handle Queries
For a more Pythonic way to query the model, you can use the deployment handle directly:

```python
import ray
from ray import serve

input_batch = [
    'Once upon a time,',
    'Hi my name is Lewis and I like to',
    'In a galaxy far far away',
]

# initialize using the 'auto' option to connect to the already-running Ray cluster

> ray.init(address="auto")

Author: I was getting an error on `serve.get_deployment_handle("BatchTextGenerator", app_name="Text-Completion-App")` saying that it couldn't find the app. I fixed it by adding this line.

> ray.init(address="auto")

Reviewer 2: interesting -- that might be a minor bug in serve
